Help
the study
it is all true the unique peculiarity to the
the world of yachts at heart is just that
to have two screens in one
smartphone
we discover all its innovations
features today with you in the square
of the Duomo in Milan
front then standard as if
if it were normal phone we have one
very large 5-inch amoled screen
it is very bright with very bright colors
bright
the chipset within the bottom yoga is
a qualcomm a quadcore 2.25 gigahertz
so very powerful backed by one
2 gigabyte ram is a mass memory
from 32 gigabytes that will give you a way to
store all the data you have
need
thanks to the natural duration of one
screen ep say except for display
to the optimizations given by the mode
yoga energy your iota fondue and will have
absolutely no charge time
amazing days and days of use
continue to an android board 4.4 kit kat
the phone really is a 4g phone
therefore to full compatibility with the
fast vodafone network and will give you motorcycles
so to use it surf the web
surfing streaming and anything else a
speed never achieved
before
the great innovation of ota phone la
we see here in the back of the phone the
screen peculiarities and pd
electronic for display and more
that of having an energy consumption
really low but to be
perfectly legible even with one
full sunlight so you can
quietly read continuously
with the sun beating on the phone is
absolutely restful for the eyes
with yacht owner suites a
you can easily support the
phone on your desk or in
general on a plan and have yours
notifications directly on the back
available visible without any
energy consumption is always continuous
update and the innovative is
absolutely amazing feature
mirroring that allows you to see on
this shade of gray
exactly the same things you see
in the standard smartphone screen
and it's all for yachts to bottom and there
they saw next review
I greet you and go on reading on
my phone hello